Release August 2025 suite (#410)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/releases/index.mdx

The following sections provide high-level summaries of each release suite and details about the compatibility between storefront components. To see more details about each drop-in component by version, go to the [changelog](/releases/changelog/).

## August 2025 suite

This suite release delivers significant enhancements to existing drop-in components, providing improved functionality and better user experiences for your storefront. The following table lists notable highlights. To see more details about each drop-in component by version, go to the [changelog](/releases/changelog/).

### Updated boilerplate

> The Commerce boilerplate has been significantly enhanced with new carousel and cards-list components from Adobe Store, improved Storefront Builder compatibility, and comprehensive architecture improvements. Key highlights include major scripts.js refactoring for better maintainability, enhanced drop-in functionality across Cart, Checkout, and Wishlist components, optimized header performance, and improved accessibility with global placeholders and modal localization. Additional updates include reCAPTCHA enhancements, Product Discovery search fixes, comprehensive documentation improvements, and removal of deprecated widgets for cleaner implementation.

Reviewer: Are we still using "Storefront Builder"? I thought we scrubbed it? Maybe I'm misremembering.

Author: Good catch. I'll change it to Commerce Storefront.

| [**Product recommendations**](/dropins/recommendations/) | • Added recommendation API events for better tracking and monitoring<br/>• Enhanced screen reader accessibility with improved ARIA labels<br/>• Added GraphQL extensibility with customizable fragments and transformers<br/>• Fixed recommendation click tracking and added add-to-cart event support |
| [**User account**](/dropins/user-account/) | • Fixed empty order list issue when orders contain out-of-stock products<br/>• Added grandTotalExclTax field support for accurate tax calculations<br/>• Enhanced Order confirmation to prevent negative tax totals on zero-total orders<br/>• Improved frontend calculation accuracy by using backend-provided tax data |
| [**User authentication**](/dropins/user-auth/) | • Fixed missing Channel Field in all AEP events for complete data collection<br/>• Enhanced Reset Password form with proper email validation<br/>• Prevented unnecessary GraphQL requests for invalid email addresses<br/>• Improved event categorization with proper global storefront context |

> | [**Wishlist**](/dropins/wishlist/) | • Fixed accessibility issues with proper aria-label attributes<br/>• Enhanced Wishlist functionality with better ACCS support and move-to-cart flows<br/>• Added image slots for customizable image rendering<br/>• Fixed alert messaging to show accurate success/error status |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**Wishlist**](/dropins/wishlist/) | • Fixed accessibility issues with proper aria-label attributes<br/>• Enhanced Wishlist functionality with better support for Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service and move-to-cart flows<br/>• Added image slots for customizable image rendering<br/>• Fixed alert messaging to show accurate success/error status |
```
